README.md, before:

# MDRSS-TS

Public feed generator for [MangaDex](https://mangadex.org/).

- Can output RSS 2.0, JSON Feed 1.0 and Atom 1.0 feeds
- Supports filtering by manga, scanlation group, uploader, language, original language
- Supports filtering by a combination of any of the above
- Will never hit the MangaDex rate limit

## Creating a feed

### Step 1: Create a query

A query is made out of multiple key-value matchers in `key:value` format,
separated by commas. The different available keys are:

- `manga`: Filter my manga UUID
- `group`: Filter by group UUID (repeatable)
- `user`: Filter by uploader UUID
- `tl`: Translation language (repeatable)
- `ol`: Original language (repeatable)

Repeatable matchers are `OR`s internally, so at least one of each specified kind
will match. At least one matcher must be present per query.

Examples:

- Manga [Tensei Slime](https://mangadex.org/title/e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b/tensei-shitara-slime-datta-ken): Any group, any language: `manga:e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b`
- Manga [Tensei Slime](https://mangadex.org/title/e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b/tensei-shitara-slime-datta-ken): Group [Tempest](16801d0b-5f1f-450e-bd1b-f59ef830bf26), only English: `manga:e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b,group:16801d0b-5f1f-450e-bd1b-f59ef830bf26,tl:en`

### Step 2: Create the feed URL

Build the feed URL by using the following steps:

- Base URL of `https://mdrss.tijlvdb.me/feed?`
- For each query (up to 10 per feed):
  - Type `q=`
  - Paste the query from the previous step
  - Type `&`
- Select your format (optional):
  - Type `format=rss2` for RSS (default)
  - Type `format=json1` for JSON
  - Type `format=atom1` for Atom

Commit message:

feat: Support querying multiple manga/users

README.md, after:

# MDRSS-TS

Public feed generator for [MangaDex](https://mangadex.org/).

- Can output RSS 2.0, JSON Feed 1.0 and Atom 1.0 feeds
- Supports filtering by manga, scanlation group, uploader, language, original language
- Supports filtering by a combination of any of the above
- Will never hit the MangaDex rate limit

## Creating a feed

### Step 1: Create a query

A query is made out of multiple key-value matchers in `key:value` format,
separated by commas. The different available keys are:

- `manga`: Filter my manga UUID
- `group`: Filter by group UUID
- `user`: Filter by uploader UUID
- `tl`: Translation language
- `ol`: Original language

All matchers can be repeated and each kind uses `OR`s internally, so at least
one of each specified kind will match. For example, if you specify two manga and
two groups, at least one manga and one group will match each entry in the feed.
At least one matcher must be present per query.

Examples:

- Manga [Tensei Slime](https://mangadex.org/title/e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b/tensei-shitara-slime-datta-ken): Any group, any language: `manga:e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b`
- Manga [Tensei Slime](https://mangadex.org/title/e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b/tensei-shitara-slime-datta-ken): Group [Tempest](16801d0b-5f1f-450e-bd1b-f59ef830bf26), only English: `manga:e78a489b-6632-4d61-b00b-5206f5b8b22b,group:16801d0b-5f1f-450e-bd1b-f59ef830bf26,tl:en`

### Step 2: Create the feed URL

Build the feed URL by using the following steps:

- Base URL of `https://mdrss.tijlvdb.me/feed?`
- For each query (up to 10 per feed):
  - Type `q=`
  - Paste the query from the previous step
  - Type `&`
- Select your format (optional):
  - Type `format=rss2` for RSS (default)
  - Type `format=json1` for JSON
  - Type `format=atom1` for Atom
